Homework Chapter 2
Tyler Bevan
CS 457 - Intro to AI

2.3
    a. false, if the agent has sufficent information to make a rational decision, and memory of past choices, additional information is not strictly needed.
    b. true, if the parameters of the environment require past knowledge for rationality.
    c. false, there must be a performance measure, and not all agents will perform properly in an envirnment.
    d. false, some inputs may or may not be passed from the program to a function.
    e. true, if the function can be properly defined it can be implemented.
    f. true, if an agent moves in a random direction and the performance measure is moving in any direction, then it is rational.
    g. true, a given agent can be rational in two environments as long as the performance measure, actuators needed, and sensors available are the same.
    h. true, judgement of rationality depends on available input. If the agent has no input, then any choice is rational.
    i. false, A poker playing agent can choose to fold on any hand with less than 50% chance of winning. This is always a rational choice, but the opponent could always have a better hand.

2.4 "Soccer Game"
    Performance:    Scores, positive for your team, negative for the other.
    Environment:    Field, other agents, ball.
    Actuators:      Ability to move around field, kick the ball.
    Sensors:        Location of agents, self, and ball throughout the field.

2.10
    a. No, without knowing the state of the squares around itself, it will not always make the correct choice.
    b. No, however having state memory will increase the effectiveness of the agent.
       The agent can make random movements, but with state it can be sure never to enter the same square twice.
       If the agent finds a corner, then it knows the extents of the board in two directions, so it can avoid trying
       to cross the outer border. In addition, it will know when all squares have been cleaned.
    c. If the agent can "see" all the squares at all times, then it can always make the correct choice, as it has all
       the relevent information.

